release: v1.38.0 (#4494)
apollographql/router: .changesets/fix_bryn_improve_jwks_parse_error_handling.md

### Improve JWKS parse error handling ([Issue #4463](https://github.com/apollographql/router/issues/4463))

> When parsing a JWKS the Router should ignore any JWKs that fail to parse, rather than failing the entire JWKS parse. 
> This can happen when the JWK is malformed, or when a JWK uses an unknown algorithm. When this happens a warning will be output to the logs, for example: 
> 
> ```
> 2024-01-11T15:32:01.220034Z WARN fetch jwks{url=file:///tmp/jwks.json,}  ignoring a key since it is not valid, enable debug logs to full content err=unknown variant `UnknownAlg`, expected one of `HS256`, `HS384`, `HS512`, `ES256`, `ES384`, `RS256`, `RS384`, `RS512`, `PS256`, `PS384`, `PS512`, `EdDSA` alg="UnknownAlg" index=2
> ```
> 
> Log messages have the following attributes:
> * `alg` The JWK algorithm if known or `<unknown>`
> * `index` The index of the JWK within the JWKS.
> * `url` The URL of the JWKS that had the issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When parsing a JSON Web Key Set (JWKS), the router now ignores any JWK that fails to parse rather than failing the entire JWKS parse.
 
This can happen when the JWK is malformed, or when a JWK uses an unknown algorithm. When this happens a warning is output to the logs, for example: 

```
2024-01-11T15:32:01.220034Z WARN fetch jwks{url=file:///tmp/jwks.json,}  ignoring a key since it is not valid, enable debug logs to full content err=unknown variant `UnknownAlg`, expected one of `HS256`, `HS384`, `HS512`, `ES256`, `ES384`, `RS256`, `RS384`, `RS512`, `PS256`, `PS384`, `PS512`, `EdDSA` alg="UnknownAlg" index=2
```

Log messages have the following attributes:
* `alg` - the JWK algorithm if known or `<unknown>`
* `index` - the index of the JWK within the JWKS
* `url` - the URL of the JWKS that had the issue
```
